Move the project to a different location if the project is preserved (#81)
yozhgoor/cargo-temp: README.md

# Specify the VCS you want to use within the project. Default is `git`.
vcs = "pijul"

> # Specify the dir to move the project if you want to preserve it
> # in another path. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specify the path to the directory where you want to preserve a saved project. Optional (default is `temporary_project_dir`).
```
This sounds better for me. Any thoughts?

> preserve_dir = "/home/me/projects/"

Reviewer: Maybe `preserved_project_dir` would be more consistent with `temporary_project_dir`?
